Kira to Sisko.
Go ahead, Colonel.
the Starship T'Kumbra
is here to see you.
Captain Solok of
Send him in.
Welcome to Deep Space 9,
Captain.
Your welcome is acknowledged.
Have a seat.
It's been a long time.
Ten years, two months,
five days.
You mean you don't know it
to the minute?
Of course I do,
but humans
by such precision.
are often irked
Especially the more
emotional humans.
Our repair list.
you were recently honored
I understand
with the Christopher Pike
Medal for Valor.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
And congratulations to you.
I heard you received your medal
last month.
My second, actually.
in combat for over six months.
The T'Kumbra has been
Spending time behind the lines
will be a welcome change.
This isn't exactly
a safe harbor.
our share of action.
We have seen
Of course you have.
your inertial dampers
by the end of the day,
We can upgrade
but to begin to overhaul
your warp core
will take at least a week.
Oh, that is most inefficient.
War is an inefficient business.
unprofessional attitude.
A somewhat
However, I've come to expect
a lack of professionalism
and efficiency
on starbases run by
human officers.
You're welcome to take your ship
to a Vulcan station.
I think there's
one about 50
light-years away.
to stay here with us...
But if you're planning
behind the lines,
then my Chief of Operations
will see to your requests.
Very well.
not listed on the formal report.
There is another matter
I need use of a holosuite.
are currently under repair.
The T'Kumbra holodecks
you have to go through Quark.
To arrange holosuite time,
He owns the only ones
on the station.
Then I will
speak to Quark.
I have created a special program
for my senior staff,
and they are quite eager
to resume using it.
Yes.
Really?
the program of some interest.
In fact, you may find
It is based on an Earth game.
And what game would that be?
Colonel, assemble
the senior staff
in the Wardroom now.
( sighs )
As you probably know,
the Starship T'Kumbra
is docked at our station.
What you may not know
is that their Captain
considers his crew--
an all Vulcan crew, by the way--
to be the finest in the fleet.
the people sitting at this table
I happen to think that
comprise the finest crew
in the Quadrant.
You're not going to get
much of an argument
from this group.
Which is why when their Captain
I didn't think so.
to a contest of courage,
teamwork and sacrifice,
challenged us
I accepted on your behalf.
We will destroy them.
I was hoping for that reaction.
this clash of the titans?
So when is
Two weeks in Holosuite 5.
What's the contest?
Baseball.
The infield fly rule
"Chapter 25:
"is invoked in instances where
"with both first base
and second base occupied
"or with first, second
and third base occupied--
What if there is
a runner at home?
There's never a runner at home.
Okay, uh... "and
fewer than two outs
the batter hits a high fly..."
while it is in the air."
for a batted ball
"Fly: The term
the batter hits a high fly...
Uh, uh, "fewer than two outs
Oh, right.
"which in the judgment
of the umpire
"can readily be caught
by an infielder
"or the pitcher or catcher
inside fair ground.
"The batter is then called out
is subsequently caught or not."
regardless of whether the ball
That seems simple enough.
"An attempt to bunt,
"however, under the
conditions noted above,
"which results in a fair fly,
shall not be regarded
an infield fly."
What's a bunt?
A bunt: A ball that has
been deliberately tapped
the pitcher and the catcher
into the area between
by the batter in order to force
the fielding side
and allow a runner to advance.
to throw out the batter
Right. Chief,
what's a grand slam?
Uh... a home run
that's hit
when the bases
are crowded.
except it's "bases loaded."
Right,
Now...
what's a "Fancy Dan"?
I most certainly am not.
You're making that up.
Hi. Jake told us
about the game
against the Vulcans.
It sounds really exciting.
You should come watch.
who puts an extra flourish
"Fancy Dan: a fielder
while making a play
"on his movements
in hopes of gaining the approval
of the spectators."
Actually, we were
thinking of doing
more than watching.
If we can.
That is, if there's
still room for other
potential players
to possibly try and--
We want to try out.
Nog always talks about
how Captain Sisko
and Jake play baseball
and how it brings them
closer together.
Since Nog and I
haven't seen much
of each other lately,
I thought this might
be a good way
of spending some
time together.
And I decided to make it
a complete family outing.
Isn't it?
That is so sweet.
QUARK:
Idiotic is
what it is.
You're going to make
a fool out of yourself.
I will not.
You can barely spin
a dabo wheel,
much less kick a ball
around a field.
Shows how much you know.
You don't kick the ball...
do you?
You won't make the team.
At least we're trying out.
What about you?
I don't have the slightest
interest in this hu-man game.
You know why?
Jake says it's a game
that takes heart,
and you sold yours
a long time ago.
Come on, Rom.
What time are tryouts?
1300, Holosuite 4.
Hey, hey!
SISKO:
All right!
Ha, ha, whoo!
Yes!
and it's an exciting time!
First day of practice,
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
ALL:
Yeah! There we go.
There we go.
That's the spirit!
Now, first let me introduce
you to our pitcher
and our secret weapon,
Jake "The Slider" Sisko!
The Slider.
Good luck, Jake.
Now, all the other
positions
are still open
for tryouts.
Now, every one
of you here today
has seen at least
one baseball game
with me in
the holosuite.
Now, I know
it looks simple--
you throw the ball,
you catch the ball,
you hit the ball--
but it is
not that easy.
It's a difficult game.
It was a difficult
game to play
even for seasoned
professionals
who spent their
lifetime practicing.
And now we have
less than two weeks
to build a team
and to face
the opponent.
Now, I know
what some of you
are thinking.
"How are we
going to beat
the Logicians?
"They're all Vulcans.
They're stronger
and faster
than any one of us..."
Except for Worf.
And our genetically
enhanced doctor.
But there is more to baseball
than physical strength.
It's, uh...
it's about courage...
and it's also about faith,
and it is also
about heart.
And if there's one thing
our Vulcan friends lack,
it's heart.
I think we
can beat them.
Yep.
I know we
can beat them.
We are going
to beat them!
Am I right?
ALL:
Yeah!
I can't hear you.
ALL:
Yes, sir!
to beat the Vulcans?
I can't hear you!
Are we going
Yes, sir!
ALL:
All right, then. Let's
play some baseball!
First, I want you
to pair off.
Spread yourselves
about ten meters apart
and, uh, play some catch.
Have fun.
Yeah. Just a little, uh,
throw and catch.
Nice and easy.
( grunts )
You almost had it.
EZRI:
I said, throw it here.
WORF:
Don't throw it to her.
BASHIR:
You've got to throw it
to someone who's
looking at you.
Oh, come on, Quark.
This is going to be
two long, hard weeks.
Jake, I don't care
how hard and long
these two weeks are,
but I'm not going
to lose to Solok
in a baseball game.
We are going to win.
Umpire?
That's right.
Will you do it?
Well, wouldn't
a holographic umpire
be more accurate?
I don't want
a computer program
calling a baseball game.
That's something Solok
would do.
I want a real person
behind the plate,
of photons and magnetic fields.
not just some collection
I-I-I also want a person who
can be completely impartial,
and I can't think
of anyone I trust more.
Well, that's, uh...
that's very flattering.
Oh, it's the truth.
Will you do it?
( sighs )
All right.
Outstanding.
Here are the rules.
Uh, if you have
any questions,
The Infirmary?
I'll be with the team
in the Infirmary.
Ah, we had a few problems
at practice today.
in less than two weeks.
Remember, the game is
to, uh, work on your moves.
So you better start
My moves?
I can't believe this.
I used to be an athlete.
At least, I remember
being an athlete.
My third host, Emony,
was an Olympic gymnast.
I keep expecting my legs
to react like hers did,
but I fell
all over myself.
It's like I don't know
my own body anymore.
QUARK:
I don't know what
you're complaining about.
At least you didn't
require major surgery.
a couple of bones is not
major surgery, Quark.
Knitting together
It is if the bones
are in the back
of your skull.
I hope you learned
your lesson.
Always look behind you
before swinging a bat.
SISKO: So, how are
my casualties doing?
If you believe Julian.
We'll live.
Personally, I'm not sure
I'm going to make it.
That's the
spirit, old man.
Don't lose your
sense of humor.
Hey, Chief,
how's the shoulder?
He's out, I'm afraid.
His rotator cuff
was badly torn.
Can't you repair
the damage?
I need him on third,
the second half of the lineup.
and he's anchoring
the rotator cuff,
but the ligaments
I've repaired
need time to knit together
with the clavicular joint.
I can't let him play baseball.
O'BRIEN:
I'm sorry, sir.
Damn!
I was really looking
forward to the game.
Well, there's an old saying--
"those who can't... coach."
As for now, you are batting,
pitching and first base coach.
Oh, great.
Which one
is first base?
We'll go over that again later.
All right. Practice
tomorrow morning
at 0730.
Don't be late.
Well, if you'll excuse me,
We'll be there.
I still have to realign
Worf's zygomatic bone.
Ow.
Tell him I'm sorry.
Ah, we can move Ezri
over to third.
No, no, no,
I need her in center.
Ooh! I know
who we can get.
I'll have to pull some strings,
but I think I can do it.
Who?
Welcome home.
Oh, music to my ears.
Mmm. Does this mean
you missed me?
Like a piece of my
heart was missing.
Oh, sweet words.
And flowers, too?
Are you feeling all right?
Now that you're back,
I feel outstanding.
Oh, I could get used to this.
And well you should-- are
you going to be here long?
Um, as a matter of fact,
my next three cargo runs
have been reassigned.
Oh, bureaucrats--
Really?
who knows why
they do anything?
Who knows?
So...
what are we going to do
with all my time off?
I have a few ideas.
I bet you do.
So tell me,
how's your throwing
arm holding up?
That's what I'm talking about.
There you go, Kas!
Head's up, people.
All right.
There's a runner on first,
one away.
I got it!
I got it! I got it!
Oh!
How many is that?
Today?
I think he's missed ten.
( grunting )
Damn.
All right. Batting practice.
What's he doing here?
He's scouting us.
If he is taking the time
to conduct reconnaissance,
he must be worried.
He should be.
Next week on this field,
that man is
going to get
a painful lesson
in humility.
Batter up.
Today, I'm going
to hit the ball.
You just watch.
Oh!
remember what we talked about.
All right, Rom,
Keep your eye on the ball.
Follow the ball
from the pitcher's hands
all the way
to the bat.
Oh!
Sorry.
You can do it.
Hang in there, Rom.
All right, Rom.
Oh-oh.
Sorry.
That's it.
You're done.
I'll do better
tomorrow, Captain.
No, you won't.
You are finished.
Gone. Off the team.
Sir, can't you give him
another chance--
Is anyone talking
to you, Ensign?
I can't play?
That's the smartest
thing you said all week.
You can't play.
Now, get your gear.
Get out of here.
Worf, you're up.
Captain Sisko hates me.
He doesn't
hate you, Rom.
Sisko was just
blowing off steam.
That's right.
He'll get over it.
with him in the morning.
Maybe he'll change his--
I'll go talk
No! I don't want
him to kick you
off the team, too.
I don't care
about the team.
If you can't play,
I won't, either.
Oh, that goes
for me, too.
And me.
O'BRIEN:
And us.
Benjamin was way
out of line today, Rom.
supposed to be fun,
Yeah. This game is
not a life-and-
death struggle.
So we've decided to quit
unless he reinstates
you immediately.
Rom, we're on
your side.
No! Please!
I don't want to make
the team like this.
I had my chance, but
I wasn't good enough.
Let's face it--
the Captain's right.
I'm hopeless.
I don't deserve
to be on the team.
You play.
You've earned it.
Playing baseball doesn't
mean anything to me.
But it should.
You're good at it.
So are you, and I
want to see you play.
I want to see
all of you play.
I want to see our
team beat the Vulcans,
even if I'm only watching
from the... the, uh...
The stands.
Right.
Please?
If, uh...
you feel about it.
that's the way
Rom, there are moments
when I know exactly
why I married you.
What are you eating?
I'm not eating.
I'm chewing.
Chewing what?
Gum. It's traditional.
I had the replicator
create me some.
They just chewed it?
No, they infused
the gum with flavor.
What did you infuse it with?
Scotch.
Here. Try some.
Hmm.
( chuckles )
You got a runner on first.
All right.
You got a runner on second.
One away.
to the second baseman.
Kira, what do you do?
Ground ball
I go for the
double play,
unless the runner
on third is already
on his way home,
in which case--
KASIDY:
Okay, relax,
and keep your weight
on the balls of your feet.
Back elbow up.
Yeah. Good.
Yeah.
Come on, come on.
Faster.
Faster. Come on,
come on...
Come on! Come on!
Ooh, yeah! Good!
Faster!
I got it!
Mine!
Well, don't
look at me!
You called it!
I was out of position!
That was yours all the way!
Oh, come on, Julian.
( groaning )
( tricorder beeping )
Safe!
You're out!
Oh, that's quite a knot.
( grunting and groaning )
Your back is like a minefield
of bruised muscles.
You tell me something
I don't know. Ow!
Okay.
You're lifting
your foot up
at the plate.
What?
Okay. Take a swing.
( sighs )
Wait. Stop.
Right there. Look.
You're lifting your foot
in the backswing.
It's been messing up
your whole rhythm.
Not that bad.
I know that look.
It's the I'd-really-
like-to-smash-something-
but-she'll-think-
I'm-crazy look.
Well, don't let me stop you.
They're your quarters.
if it'll make you feel better.
Smash away,
The only way
I'll feel better
is to beat Solok tomorrow.
So, do I get to hear
the Solok story now?
you'd better consider the fact
And before you say no,
you won't have a third baseman.
that if you don't tell me,
( sighs )
We were in the same class
at the Academy, you know.
One weekend I was
with some friends
at an off-campus bar--
the Launching Pad--
with some Vulcan Cadets
and Solok came in
they were doing research
who said
human bonding rituals.
on illogical
We didn't take kindly to that.
And you'd... had a few drinks.
Yeah... one or two.
Well, we got into a debate,
and Solok said
naturally superior to humans
that Vulcans were
and other "emotionally
handicapped" species.
the opposite position.
Of course, I took
So... there I am...
drunk... and debating
logic versus emotion
and very sober Vulcan.
with a smug...
a long story short, I decided
that the best way to prove
Well, to make
that humans were every bit
the equal of Vulcans
to a wrestling match.
was to challenge him
Wrestling?
All I wanted to do
was to wipe that arrogant look
off his face,
so in the heat of the moment...
I challenged him.
And?
in the Infirmary...
I, uh... ended up
with a separated shoulder,
two cracked ribs
and a very bruised ego.
( laughing ):
Oh, Ben...
I don't mean to laugh,
I don't... no,
but... what did you expect?
A Vulcan has three times
the strength of a human.
And they're faster, too.
( whistles )
I got what I deserved.
But you're right.
And if it had ended
right there,
it would've been fine,
but it didn't.
Solok took every opportunity
to remind me of our match.
He used to point me out whenever
I walked across the campus.
five psychology papers
In fact, he wrote
about our match.
I became the living embodiment
inherently superior to humans.
of why Vulcans were
You don't mean he was gloating?
A Vulcan?
That's exactly
what I mean.
He may have hidden it
beneath that Vulcan calm,
every minute of it.
but... he loved
that once we graduated
And you'd think
it would've stopped,
but it didn't.
Solok wrote over a dozen papers
Over the years,
comparative profiles...
on Vulcan/human
and in the beginning
of every paper...
is an analysis of that...
damned wrestling match.
And now he comes to your station
and announces
that he's put together
a baseball team.
He doesn't care about baseball.
All he wants to do is to rub
my nose in it one more time,
but now he is using my game.
My game!
You should tell that
to the Niners.
why you're so caught up in this.
They don't understand
Oh, no, I'd rather they think
in some baseball game
I'm just caught up
an adolescent rivalry.
than pursuing...
Just tell them the truth.
They'll understand.
They need to know how personal
this is to you.
Oh, no.
( exasperated sigh )
No.
I mean it.
And you can't tell
them, either.
I want you
to promise me.
All right. I promise.
not to tell you, so you'll have
to keep this under your hats.
He made me promise
Curzon and Jadzia
always wondered why
Benjamin hated Solok,
but he'd never
talk about it.
Well, he's embarrassed.
an "adolescent rivalry"
He's calling it
that's kept this thing going.
but Solok's the one
And now he's trying
to beat the Captain
at his own game.
It is a
dishonorable motive.
I'm beginning to
hate him myself.
So, what are we going
to do about it?
We go out there tomorrow
I tell you what we do.
and we put that Vulcan
in his place.
We win it for the Captain.
And for all
our "emotionally
handicapped" races.
Now, there's something
worth fighting for, right?
Niners!
ALL:
( laughter and hooting )
( anthem playing )
( applause )
( cheers and whistles )
Okay, laddies, let's go.
O'BRIEN:
Let's show these guys.
Let's go. Come on.
Look, let's, uh, dispense
with the crowd.
My team has never played
in front of people before.
If you wish.
Computer, eliminate
the spectators.
Play ball!
Batter up!
Let's hear some chatter.
All right, Niners,
batter, batter, batter!
Hey, batter, batter,
batter, batter, batter, batter!
Hey, batter, batter, batter,
Death to the opposition.
SISKO:
Hey, batter, swing, batter.
Strike him out!
Lucky swing.
All right.
Hey, don't worry.
You'll get the
next one, okay?
Okay?
Okay.
All right.
( laughs )
You're making mental
errors out there.
Stupid mistakes.
You have to start
thinking about
what you're doing.
Colonel, you have
to charge the ball.
Don't wait for it
to come to you.
Ezri, you're
playing too deep!
Yeah. They're pretty good.
They rattled you.
What are you talking about,
they're pretty good?
You better stop
admiring them
and start striking
them out!
ODO:
Batter up!
Let's play ball.
Strike three.
( sighs )
Let's go!
( grunting )
Out!
You want to try
that again?
Colonel, stay cool.
Hey, hey!
to get yourself thrown out.
Don't do anything
Wouldn't dream
of it, Captain.
You're out,
by the way.
Play ball!
Was that slide
at second legal?
'Fraid so.
very sporting.
Doesn't seem
These guys
are playing to win.
Sporting doesn't
enter into it.
( Niners cheering )
( Niners shout
encouragement)
Safe!
( cheering and whooping )
It's about time.
Strike one.
( grunts )
SISKO: If it's not there,
let it go. All right!
Don't reach for it.
Ball one.
Hey, now!
Good eye, Worf! Good eye!
Ball two.
SISKO:
Remember what we talked about.
Keep your eye on the ball.
Foul ball. Strike two.
Good eye, Worf.
Big stick!
Good eye.
Ball three.
Time.
Time!
Let's go, batter.
Do not rush me.
Strike three!
What?! What are you
talking about?
That ball was at least
a half a meter out!
How can you
call it a strike?
Reverse the call!
The ball was
clearly outside.
That was low and outside.
Oh, what the hell
were you looking at?
You can't tell me that
ball was over the plate.
What were you doing,
regenerating?
Caught the outside corner.
Outside corner?!
That was a ball
and you know it!
We should have two men on!
Two men on! Two men on!
Gentlemen, you are
trying my patience.
( both yelling angrily )
You stole
a run from us.
You stole it
just as if you reached up
and tore it off
the scoreboard!
You stole it from us!
What?!
You... you're
outta here!
"No player shall
at any time
make contact with the
umpire in any manner."
The prescribed penalty
for the violation is
immediate ejection
from the game.
Rule number 4.06,
subsection "A",
paragraph four.
Look it up, but do
it in the stands.
You're gone!
It was a ball.
That was no strike.
I know it was a ball.
Chief?
What?
I think that means
you're in charge now.
You're right.
Well, what are you
standing around for?
You never seen a man
thrown out of the game?
Come on. Get
your gloves on
and get in that field!
Let's go! Come on!
Quark! Wake up!
You're in right.
Julian, you're on second.
Leeta, you're in left.
We got a game to play.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on! Move it!
ODO:
Play ball.
Ball one.
Strike one!
( Niners yelling )
Back, Ezri, back!
Go, go, go!
O'BRIEN:
All right!
( Niners cheering )
Y-y-y-y-yes!
Now that is a Fancy Dan.
All right!
ODO:
Batter up!
KIRA:
Home! Worf!
Bring it home!
( grunt of frustration )
What's wrong?
He didn't touch home, Nog.
Is that true?
( clears throat )
W-what do I do?!
Find him and kill him!
Just tag him out.
Jake, cover home.
Which one?
Tag them all.
Come on, Nog, hurry up.
No. Tag the next one.
Jake!
You're out!
He's out!
( laughing )
Yeah, Nog, well done!
Yeah!
( laughing ):
He's out.
( laughing )
Did you see that?
That's what I love
about this game.
what's going to happen next.
You never know
Every situation is different,
huh?
It looks like a lot of fun.
Rom... come here.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
( Niners cheering )
Safe!
Do it, come on! Come on!
Hey, come on, Jake!
You can do it!
SISKO:
Chief! Chief! Chief!
Call time out.
Why?
You're making
a substitution.
What?
Time!
You're up, Rom.
Oh, you've got
to be kidding.
We got man on third.
We could score.
Sit down, Quark.
Go ahead, Rom.
You can do it.
All right, Dad!
Come on,
you can do it!
VULCAN:
Okay, go.
Let's play ball!
Computer...
Come on, Rom.
Go, Rom.
Your attention, please.
P.A.:
Jake Sisko, number 13: Rom.
Now pinch-hitting for
( crowd cheering )
NOG:
Come on, Dad!
You can do it.
( quietly ):
I hope.
Strike one.
Come on, Dad.
You can do it.
Come on, Rom.
Strike two!
It's okay, Rom.
Julian.
What was
that thing called...
you know, when you just
tap the ball down
the baseline?
Uh, bunt?
That's it-- a bunt.
We've got to give him
the sign.
Rom!
What?
Go...!
Rom... run...!
ALL:
Keep going, Rom!
( all cheering )
Safe!
All right, Rom!
( all chanting ):
Rom! Rom! Rom!
Umpire, this is
completely improper.
The game is not over.
You're gone!
That was great, Dad!
A great bunt!
Hey, Jake, that was
a hell of a game.
A hell of a game.
I gave up ten runs.
They're Vulcans.
If they were humans,
you'd have held them
to just two or three.
Well, when you
put it that way...
Yes.
Now, pardon me.
I owe you an apology.
Unless you really want to.
No.
I'm sorry.
Apology accepted.
If you have some time,
one day,
maybe you can teach me
how to bunt.
Sure.
What's a bunt?
Oh.
That's my dad.
I fail to see why
you are celebrating.
The Ferengi's bunt
was an accident
and you still
lost the game.
You are absolutely right,
and I couldn't
be happier.
Quark, a round of drinks
for the house
on my tab.
I'm way ahead of you, Captain.
You are attempting to
manufacture a triumph
where none exists.
I'd say he succeeded.
To manufactured triumph.
Manufactured triumph.
Hear, hear!
ALL:
This is a typical
human reaction
based on emotionalism
and illogic.
( theatrical gasp )
Did I hear irritation
in that voice?
Certainly not.
That sounded positively
defensive to me.
With a hint
of anger.
And just a touch
of jealousy.
And a lot of bitterness.
Are you always
this emotional?
I refuse to
engage in this...
human game
of taunting.
Human?
Did I forget to wear
my spots today?
All that intelligence,
and he doesn't know
what a human looks like.
( all laughing )
KIRA:
Captain...
here's something else
for your desk.
Well...
will you look at that?
Would you like to sign it?
( all laughing )
No.
( all laughing louder )
Oh, my.
Yes.